.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Purpose
Resolves #

## Acceptance criteria
<!-- Included by the pull request creator. List all expected behaviors of this change -->
<!-- Do not spell out 'testing steps' -->
<!-- Example: - [ ] The <field> contains a placeholder with text: "Where are you going?" -->
<!-- Example: - [ ] The placeholder disappears once the user starts typing" -->
- [ ]
- [ ]

## Pull request creator checklist
In order to be reviewed, all items must be checked by the pull request creator.
- [ ] I updated the issue title & description to reflect the final state of these changes
- [ ] I considered whether test coverage should be added
- [ ] I considered whether this needs documentation or a decision record
- [ ] I considered whether this change accommodates new and existing sites

## Testing callouts
<!-- - [ ] A good way to prepare content for this test is... -->
<!-- - [ ] This must be tested simultaneously with the <repo> <branch> -->
<!-- - [ ] This MUST be tested on both a new and existing database -->

## Reference: local setup
1. Use the [Environment Generator](https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/wcs/wcms/utdk3/environment-generator)

Commit message:

Add label checks for pull request creator

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Purpose
Resolves #

## Acceptance criteria
<!-- Included by the pull request creator. List all expected behaviors of this change -->
<!-- Do not spell out 'testing steps' -->
<!-- Example: - [ ] The <field> contains a placeholder with text: "Where are you going?" -->
<!-- Example: - [ ] The placeholder disappears once the user starts typing" -->
- [ ]
- [ ]

## Pull request creator checklist
In order to be reviewed, all items must be checked by the pull request creator.
- [ ] I updated the issue title & description to reflect the final state of these changes
- [ ] I considered whether test coverage should be added
- [ ] I considered whether this needs a `needs-documentation` or `visual-change` label on the issue
- [ ] I considered whether this change accommodates new and existing sites

## Testing callouts
<!-- - [ ] A good way to prepare content for this test is... -->
<!-- - [ ] This must be tested simultaneously with the <repo> <branch> -->
<!-- - [ ] This MUST be tested on both a new and existing database -->

## Reference: local setup
1. Use the [Environment Generator](https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/wcs/wcms/utdk3/environment-generator)
